README.md, before:

# Modular effects of yeast 3'UTRs and cis-regulartory elements inside yeast 3'UTRs on mRNA abundance
The development of a manuscript investigating the relationship between mRNA 3'UTR motifs effecting half-lives and their modular effects on transcript abundance.

The data and code (including ALL analysis referred to in the paper) required to create the manuscript is included in this GitHub page. The R package Bookdown, created by Yihui Xie, can be used to recreate the manuscript and re-calculate all of the analysis. 
## Getting Started


### Making the Manuscript

``` 
    git clone <this repo>
    open -a RStudio

    # In console at the bottom of RStudio
    setwd( <local repo address> )
    bookdown::render_book("abstract.Rmd") # this will take a little while
    
    # If you get an error similar to 
    Error: Input files not all in same directory, please supply explicit wd
    # then run this code in your console and and try to render book again
    options(bookdown.render.file_scope = FALSE)

    # The pdf version of the manuscript will be created in a _book folder.
```
### Using Latex

The way bookdown works is that it runs all the code in all files, catches any code/graphs outputed then inserts it all into one massive latex document. Therefore, all of the text between code chunks is parsed through a latex compiler, so all latex functionality is availiable. There are many good latex tutorials out there but I recommend (this)[https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLnC5h3PY-znyDQKn3knfXfekZLgWyL7QW] YouTube series for beginners, (this)[https://www.overleaf.com/learn/latex/Main_Page] wiki for more details and finally (this)[https://wch.github.io/latexsheet/] cheatsheet to refresh your memory on syntax.

## Structure
The main text of the manuscript is held in five folders, denoted by chapter title; intro_chapter, results_chapter, methods_chapter, discussion_chapter and supplimentary_data_chapter.
Each of these folders hold an .Rmd file containing text and formating information and a figure/data folder for all of the figures/data used in that chapter.
In addition to these chapter files the abstract is in its own .Rmd file in the main repository, the author names and affiliations are held in the author.tex file and all the references used in the paper are held in the reference folder.
The files described above contain all the information required to recreate the manuscript.
The bookdown library simply needs to know where all these files are, which is outlined in the _bookdown.yaml file, and how to format them, as descriped in the latex files in the formatting folder.

For reproducability, the code actually producing the figures and running the data analysis is contained within the raw_data_analysis folder, together with the raw data itself.


## Tips 

When adding new lines of code, especially for importing data, remember it will be ran from the home directory (where ever abstract.Rmd) is not where your current *.Rmd is.

Manage citations using (Bibtex)[http://www.bibtex.org/] and the chimeraProject.bib file. Insert citations using [@<citeCode>] where needed.

Commit message:

Added sessionInfo and checked all analysis files run

README.md, after:

# Modular effects of yeast 3'UTRs and cis-regulartory elements inside yeast 3'UTRs on mRNA abundance
The development of a manuscript investigating the relationship between mRNA 3'UTR motifs effecting half-lives and their modular effects on transcript abundance.

The data and code (including ALL analysis referred to in the paper) required to create the manuscript is included in this GitHub page. The R package Bookdown, created by Yihui Xie, can be used to recreate the manuscript and re-calculate all of the analysis. 
## Getting Started


### Making the Manuscript

``` 
    git clone <this repo>
    open -a RStudio

    # In console at the bottom of RStudio
    setwd( <local repo address> )
    bookdown::render_book("abstract.Rmd") # this will take a little while
    
    # If you get an error similar to 
    Error: Input files not all in same directory, please supply explicit wd
    # then run this code in your console and and try to render book again
    options(bookdown.render.file_scope = FALSE)

    # The pdf version of the manuscript will be created in a _book folder.
```
### Using Latex

The way bookdown works is that it runs all the code in all files, catches any code/graphs outputed then inserts it all into one massive latex document. Therefore, all of the text between code chunks is parsed through a latex compiler, so all latex functionality is availiable. There are many good latex tutorials out there but I recommend (this)[https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLnC5h3PY-znyDQKn3knfXfekZLgWyL7QW] YouTube series for beginners, (this)[https://www.overleaf.com/learn/latex/Main_Page] wiki for more details and finally (this)[https://wch.github.io/latexsheet/] cheatsheet to refresh your memory on syntax.

## Structure
The main text of the manuscript is held in five folders, denoted by chapter title; intro_chapter, results_chapter, methods_chapter, discussion_chapter and supplimentary_data_chapter.
Each of these folders hold an .Rmd file containing text and formating information and a figure/data folder for all of the figures/data used in that chapter.
In addition to these chapter files the abstract is in its own .Rmd file in the main repository, the author names and affiliations are held in the author.tex file and all the references used in the paper are held in the reference folder.
The files described above contain all the information required to recreate the manuscript.
The bookdown library simply needs to know where all these files are, which is outlined in the _bookdown.yaml file, and how to format them, as descriped in the latex files in the formatting folder.

For reproducability, the code actually producing the figures and running the data analysis is contained within the raw_data_analysis folder, together with the raw data itself.

The sessionInfo.txt file contains all the libraries (and their versions) used to run the analysis code


## Tips 

When adding new lines of code, especially for importing data, remember it will be ran from the home directory (where ever abstract.Rmd) is not where your current *.Rmd is.

Manage citations using (Bibtex)[http://www.bibtex.org/] and the chimeraProject.bib file. Insert citations using [@<citeCode>] where needed.
